Reduced ESR maintenance overhead with file includes (#7721)
mattermost/docs: source/about/common-esr-support.md

> Support for Mattermost Server v9.5 :ref:`Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/about/release-policy.html#extended-support-releases) has come to the end of its life cycle on November 15, 2024. Upgrading to [Mattermost Server v9.11](https://docs.mattermost.com/about/mattermost-v9-changelog.html#release-v9-11-extended-support-release) or later is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for Mattermost Server v9.11 :ref:`Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/about/release-policy.html#extended-support-releases) is coming to the end of its life cycle on May 15, 2025. Upgrading to [Mattermost Server v10.5](https://docs.mattermost.com/about/mattermost-v10-changelog.html#release-v10-5-extended-support-release) or later is required.
```
